9/10/26, 5:14 PM

Page 1 of 1

Explore

Experience

Engage

The Ultimate Alaska Adventure Resort and Private Island Luxury Alaska Fishing Lodge - Sitka, Alaska

Unequalled Alaska Fishing Resort  –  Talon Lodge is more than an Alaska ﬁshing lodge, Talon Lodge is Alaska’s luxury ﬁshing resort. Whether you’re searching

for the ultimate Alaska ﬁshing trip, or simply want to experience an Alaska ﬁshing lodge and Alaska adventure vacation, this all inclusive Alaska ﬁshing trip puts

you in the center of the Alaska wilderness theater that is like nowhere else in the world.

A short boat ride from Sitka, Alaska, Talon Lodge & Spa oﬀers upscale resort services and amenities on a spectacular private island. This luxury Alaska ﬁshing

resort is also a luxury Alaska adventure resort that focuses on the ﬁner details of luxury services that you would not expect from an Alaska Vacation.

Alaska Fishing Lodge
This is no ordinary Alaska Fishing Lodge
Alaska Fishing Lodge
Alaska Fishing Lodge
This is no ordinary 
This is no ordinary 
This is no ordinary 

Guest’s expectations are blown away with Alaska resort amenities, over the top service, Alaska gourmet cuisine, and Alaska’s most stunning views.  Then add

Alaska ﬁshing and Alaska adventure with the areas most experienced guides and you have a ﬁrst class combination.

Sitka, the Tongass National Forest and Alaska’s Inside Passage provide for a ﬁshing, adventure and wilderness experience that is simply beyond belief.

The daily ﬁshing agenda includes Alaska sportﬁshing for King Salmon, Silver Salmon, and Paciﬁc Halibut.  Additional ﬁshing excursions include Alaska

freshwater ﬂyﬁshing for wild steelhead, rainbow trout, cutthroat trout, dolly varden, pink salmon, silver salmon, and king salmon.

Adding even more to the experience are the other Alaska adventures including ATV tours on Kruzof Island, kayak tours throughout the Inside Passage islands

and hiking in the Tongass National Forest.

Gourmet cuisine provided by an innovative chef team and a summer full of visiting celebrity chefs and award winning winemakers ﬁll the agenda at Talon

Lodge.  The island’s wild berries, extensive organic farm and Alaska’s freshest seafood provide the foundation for jaw dropping cuisine. The level of

personalized service is top tier and provide for unforgettable Alaska memories.

Accommodations in this Alaska ﬁshing resort range from private rooms, with private baths to Luxury homes.  The Bluﬀ House at Talon Lodge is a 3-bedroom

luxury Alaska accommodation that overlooks famous Mt Edgecumbe and a Paciﬁc Ocean view that cannot be matched.

Talon Lodge stands alone as Alaska’s luxury ﬁshing resort. Talon Lodge is constantly rated, on all internet review forums, as the number one Alaska adventure

resort and the number one Alaska ﬁshing resort.

Alaska Fishing Adventure

Luxury Resort Cuisine

Just oﬀ Sitka, Alaska in Alaska’s Inside Passage,

The culinary team at Talon Lodge showcases the

Alaska Resort Service &
Events

the unique location of Talon Lodge puts guests in

abundance of Southeast Alaska by incorporating

Savor elegant Alaskan cuisine with pairings from

proximity to world renowned Alaska saltwater and

fresh catches like Alaska king salmon, Alaska

Alaska's freshwater ﬁshing grounds. Tailor your

halibut and crab into their inventive and

own sport ﬁshing charter with the guidance of

thoughtful dining experience. Through a visiting

veteran Alaskan captains, or try your hand at ﬂy

chef series and their inclusive daily meal service,

ﬁshing in the Tongass National Forest. This is

the Alaska luxury resort brings cosmopolitan taste

Alaska ﬁshing like you've never experienced.

to their rustic getaway.

Remember to take in the Alaska adventure

The wild berries and organic garden provide a

experience. Enjoy whale watching, eagles ﬂying

true Alaska-to-table experience.

over head and the occasional Alaska Brown Bear

Three culinary masters, along with visiting chefs

California and Oregon ﬁne wines, and get to

know the vintners in an intimate setting during

one of Talon Lodge’s guest winemaker events.

The Talon Lodge Wine Vault houses thousands of

bottles, and hundreds of varietals, from all over

the world. The port and dessert wine selection is

like none other in the Paciﬁc Northwest.

Add luxury resort services and you have an

Alaska ﬁshing lodge that is like no other Alaska

sighting.

View Now
View Now
View Now
View Now

treat a guest audience of 24! You'll love this ratio.

View Now
View Now
View Now
View Now

ﬁshing lodge.

View Now
View Now
View Now
View Now

Featured Resort Video

Alaska Fishing
Adventure

When it comes to sport ﬁshing, Alaska’s

cold waters reign supreme. Talon Lodge’s

island location allows access to the

Alaska's best king salmon ﬁshing. Anglers

are also treated to halibut ﬁshing and a

variety of rockﬁsh. All prime ﬁshing spots

are within 30 minutes of this Alaska ﬁshing

lodge. At Talon Lodge, all of the previsions

for a great Alaska adventure resort and

Alaska ﬁshing trip.

This is a Alaska ﬁshing lodge like no other.

Explore Resort

Premier Alaska
Wildlife Viewing

Summer meadows lined with groves of

hemlock and Sitka spruce oﬀer rich

habitat for Sitka Blacktail Deer, Alaska

brown bears, bald eagles and river otters

in Tongass National Forest. Bordering

America’s largest national forest are

coastal waters perfect for spotting whales,

orcas, seals, puﬃns and an assortment of

sea birds.

You'll notice that everything is bigger,

brighter, and an experience that exceeds

all expectations.

Talon Lodge is a unique Alaska luxury

ﬁshing lodge that places you in the

middles of the Alaska wildlife show.

Explore Resort

Alaska Waterfront
Massage Pavilion
And Spa

Unmatched Alaska resort spa. Treat

yourself to a massage in a truly unique

setting at the Talon Lodge open air

massage pavilion and spa. With oﬀerings

like aromatherapy, body wraps and hot

stones, you can focus on relaxation with a

waterfront view.

Take a hike along a Sitka stream for a

meditation experience beyond belief.

There is nothing like this massage facility

and the wellness oﬀering in Alaska.

Explore Resort

Alaska's Ultimate
Adventure Resort -
Sitka, Alaska

Talon Lodge is more than an Alaska luxury

ﬁshing resort. Talon Lodge and Spa is

Alaska's Ultimate Adventure Resort.

Whether you’re in the market for a Alaska

ﬁshing trip, or simply want to experience

the ultimate Alaska adventure vacation,

this all inclusive Alaska ﬁshing lodge puts

you in the center of the Alaska theater

that is like nowhere else in the world.

The spectacular private island setting is

unmatched and the resort services are

beyond belief.

Explore Resort

Unspoiled Alaska
Wilderness

With over 50 million acres of wilderness

and the lowest population density in the

United States, Alaska truly is the last

frontier. Take photos that endure a

lifetime, or simply meditate on the beauty

of the unspoiled natural world on your

Alaskan island retreat. Here, you’ll

experience the interplay of light, land and

water on a pristine stretch of Paciﬁc coast.

Talon Lodge's private island is located

right in the heart of the Tongass National

Forest, an unspoiled rain forest. With Sitka

as the backdrop, this private island Alaska

ﬁshing lodge provides a panoramic

window to Alaska.

Explore Resort

Elegant Alaska
Resort Service

Reﬁnement and service may not be

synonymous with life on the Alaskan

frontier, but the team at Talon Lodge oﬀers

dining and hospitality worthy of any resort

or destination. Gourmet meals are

included at this Alaska luxury ﬁshing

resort, and the exquisite cuisine can be

enjoyed in the main dining room along

with a selection of ﬁne wines from the

3000 bottle wine vault.

Four chefs treat Talon Lodge guests to a

variety of experiences that include

cooking classes and demonstrations as

well as a "Alaska-to-table" adventure.

There is no Sitka ﬁshing lodge that

compares. This is no ordinary Alaska

ﬁshing lodge!

Explore Resort

An Alaska
Sportsman’s
Paradise

Venture into Alaska’s Inside Passage for

an unbelievable Alaska freshwater ﬁshing

excursion. Reachable by ﬂoat plane, ATV,

or boat, a Alaska ﬁshing trip into the

Tongass National Forest renders catches

ranging from steelhead in the spring, to

sockeye, pink, and silver salmon later in

the year. Native rainbow and cutthroat

trout are seen throughout the resort’s late

May through early September season.

Alaska ﬂy ﬁshing, at this Alaska ﬁshing

resort, will provide an experience and

memory that will last a lifetime.

Explore Resort

Soak-In The Total
Alaska Wellness
Experience

Talon Lodge is so much more than a great

Alaska Fishing Resort. Tucked away, at the

Massage and Spa Pavilion, the wellness

porch provides an Alaska view like no

other. The Japanese Soaking tub is wood

ﬁred and perfectly positioned to gaze

upon Alaska’s beauty.

Explore Resort

#talonlodge







Load More





















Home  Add Resorts  Alaska’s Luxury Fishing Resort, Alaska Fishing Lodge – Talon Lodge & Spa



MAGNUS – Meaning “GREAT” in Latin
MAGNUS – Meaning “GREAT” in Latin
MAGNUS – Meaning “GREAT” in Latin
MAGNUS – Meaning “GREAT” in Latin

Magnus Adventures assembles the best in class and location of

Adventures, Resorts and Experiences.

Adventures: Live the life you’ve dreamed!  Magnus Adventures is a
Adventures
Adventures
Adventures

continual story oﬀering of adventures that are out of the ordinary – even in

destinations that may seem ordinary.  Our goal is to provide a diﬀerent

view of an adventure and provide the resources for you to start to Live the

Life You’ve Dreamed.

Resorts: Best-In-Class Resorts means the highest reviewed, real resort
Resorts:
Resorts:
Resorts:

amenities and services, and an experience oﬀering that is extraordinary. 

None of the resorts on this site pay to participate, and there is no

subscription or fee to be listed.  Magnus Adventures is not an advertising

vehicle.  Each resort has been selected by an expert travel industry panel

and then reviewed and approved based on meeting the strict

requirements that qualify the resort as – MAGNUS

Home

Login

FIND US:

      

MAGNUS ADVENTURES –
RESORTS

TALON LODGE & SPA – One of a kind Alaska

ﬁshing lodge, on a secluded private island,

providing luxury resort services and amenities.

HOTEL WAILEA – Hawaii’s only Relais &

Chateaux hotel.  Adult’s only resort overlooking

Maui’s spectacular Wailea Beach.

POST RANCH INN – Award-winning luxury hotel

located on the cliﬀs of Bug Sur.

CASTLE HOT SPRINGS – Nestled in a private

canyon is an Arizona dessert wellness resort like

no other.

Experiences: The world is experiencing new adventures daily and these
Experiences:
Experiences:
Experiences:

experiences are being captured and shared.  Magnus Experiences

CLAYOQUOT WILDERNESS LODGE – World-

class tent safari resort located on Vancouver

provides a snapshot of the experiences that are happening all around us –

Island, BC.

enjoy.

The videos, images and content on www.magnusadventures.com are not

owned by magnusadventures.  Videos, images and content is owned by

the resort or by the Instagram subscriber.  Magnus Adventures is strictly a

publisher of content and our goal is to share this content with you.

None of the adventures, resorts or experiences have paid to be

represented on www.magnusadventures.com.  This provides us with a true

objective presentation and recommendation.

(c)2004 - 2025 Magnus Adventures, Inc.

Join The Journey

 
